chore: release v0.24.2 (#1439)
paritytech/jsonrpsee: CHANGELOG.md

[Keep a Changelog]: http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/

## [v0.24.2] - 2024-08-02

Another small release that fixes:

> - Notifications without params were not handled correctly in the client was has been fixed.

Author: ```suggestion
- Notifications without params were not handled correctly in the client,  which been has been fixed.
```

> - Improve compile times and reduce code-generation in the proc macros.

Author: ```suggestion
- Improve compile times and reduce code-generation in the proc macro crate.
```
